chore(@clayui/core): adds TreeView documentation (#4433)
liferay/clay: packages/clay-core/docs/treeview.mdx

</TreeView>
```

### Dynamic

The TreeView and Group components when used with dynamic items are populated from hierarchical data. The component consumes the data using the `items` property.

For the component to be dynamic it is necessary to convert `children` to Render prop, which must be a function that will receive the `item` of the current iterator.

```jsx
function Example() {
	const items = [
		{
			children: [
				{
					children: [{name: 'ultrices dui sapien'}],
					name: 'fusce ut placerat',
				},
				{name: 'maecenas pharetra convallis'},
			],
			name: 'nisi quis eleifend',
		},
	];

	return (
		<TreeView items={items} nestedKey="children">
			{(item) => (
				<TreeView.Item key={item.name}>
					{item.name}

					{item.children && (
						<TreeView.Group items={item.children}>
							{(item) => (
								<TreeView.Item key={item.name}>
									{item.name}
								</TreeView.Item>
							)}
						</TreeView.Group>
					)}
				</TreeView.Item>
			)}
		</TreeView>
	);
}
```

#### Asynchronous Item

Asynchronous Item loading is quite advantageous to decrease the initial payload and decrease memory space, this is more efficient when a tree is very large.

> The TreeView doesn't know when an Item is asynchronous so a deduction is made that the developer must deal with on the implementation side to tell whether the Item is asynchronous or not. The `onLoadMore` property is called every time the Item is a leaf of the tree and depending on the method's return it will make some assumptions.

Author: This got better, I'll still keep the leaf, this normally refers to when node is the last level of the tree because actually, we will only call the method when it is the last level.

> The TreeView doesn't know when an Item is asynchronous so a deduction is made that the developer must deal with on the implementation side to tell whether the Item is asynchronous or not. The `onLoadMore` property is called every time the Item is a leaf of the tree and depending on the method's return it will make some assumptions.

Reviewer: No problem. I was thinking that using too many terms: tree, node, leaf might lead to some confusion, if we keep on like that we might end up using "fruit" :joy: But I'm OK with using leaf for now

-   Returning `void`, `null` or `undefined` the TreeView will do nothing.
-   Returning the `item` will add to the tree.

Adding a new asynchronous Item to the tree the `onItemsChange` method is respectively called to update the tree with a new value if the `items` is controlled.

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-info">
	<strong class="lead">Warning</strong>
	If you have an error in the asynchronous call of the <code className="gatsby-code-text">
		onLoadMore
	</code> method, only the suppression is done and an error is thrown on the console.
</div>

```jsx
<TreeView
	onLoadMore={async (item) => {
		return await fetch(`example.com/tree/item?parent_id=${item.id}`);
	}}
>
	{...}
</TreeView>
```

### Item

Item is very flexible and can behave in different ways to simplify usage for different use cases depending on the data.

> Item also helps to define the unique `key` of the component across the tree which is also used to tell which items are expanded and selected.

Author: ```diff
- expanded and selected
+ expanded or selected
```
In that case, I think we should leave `and` because it's used for both and not one or the other, does it make sense? I may be getting it wrong.

	}}
>
	{...}
</TreeView>
```

## Multiple Selection

The multi-selection in TreeView is a composition with the `<Checkbox />` component that must be added explicitly in the Item rendering.

```jsx
<TreeView.Item>
	<Checkbox />
	Drive
</TreeView.Item>

<TreeView.Item>
	<TreeView.ItemStack>
		<Checkbox />
		Drive
	</TreeView.ItemStack>
	<TreeView.Group>
		{...}
	</TreeView.Group>
</TreeView.Item>
```

It is not necessary to add the `onChange` event or the `checked` property, the TreeView adds the methods to the component under the covers, this allows you to just add the Checkbox in any order you want.

Multi-selection is also controlled in the same way as Expander, it uses the `key` of the item to select the Item, the `selectedKeys` property and the `onSelectionChange` event are used for this purpose.

```jsx
function Example() {
	const [selectedKeys, setSelectionChange] = useState(
		new Set(['1', '2', '3'])
	);

	return (
		<TreeView
			onSelectionChange={setSelectionChange}
			selectedKeys={selectedKeys}
		>
			{...}
		</TreeView>
	);
}
```

### Recursive selection

By default when selecting an Item with nested items, the items are recursively selected.

> There are some limitations, for static content the recursive selection only works if the item is expanded, ie visible. For dynamic content, it works independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some limitations: for static content the recursive selection only works if the item is expanded, (i.e. visible). For dynamic content, it works independently.
```

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-warning">
	<strong class="lead">Warning</strong>
	Recursive selection will not select items from an asynchronous Item.
</div>

<MultipleSelection />

## Drag and Drop

> The Drag and Drop implementation handles items internally and works only for TreeView with dynamic content because it depends on the `items` property and must be enabled using the `dragAndDrop` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The drag and drop implementation handles items internally and works only for TreeView with dynamic content because it depends on the `items` property and must be enabled using the `dragAndDrop` property.
```

> The TreeView handles `items` immutably but follows a partial tree immutability implementation that is more optimized to do at runtime, to access these changes and be able to save in some service, you must control the state using the `items` property and the `onItemsChange` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TreeView handles `items` immutably but follows a partial tree immutability implementation that is more optimized to do at runtime. To access these changes and be able to save in some service, you must control the state using the `items` property and the `onItemsChange` event.
```

```jsx
function Example() {
	const [items, setItems] = useState([]);

	return (
		<TreeView
			dragAndDrop
			items={items}
			onItemsChange={setItems}
		>
			{...}
		</TreeView>
	);
}
```

## Shortcuts

> The TreeView implements shortcuts and manages the focus, and some shortcuts and focus trigger some shortcuts like renaming, removing, or asynchronous loading if any.

Reviewer: @matuzalemsteles I don't really understand what we mean by
> and some shortcuts and focus trigger some shortcuts like renaming

I would change this to 

The TreeView implements shortcuts and manages the focus. Some shortcuts and focus trigger some actions like renaming, removing or asynchronous loading if any.

But I'd like to know what you think.

Author: Oh yeah, what I wrote got confused 😅, your suggestion got better to understanding haha

Reviewer: Glad you like it

<div class="clay-site-alert alert alert-warning">
	<strong class="lead">Warning</strong>
	If an Item is asynchronous the <code className="gatsby-code-text">
		onLoadMore
	</code> method will be called as described in the Asynchronous Item section.
</div>

### Rename Item

> The user can press the shortcut key `R` or `F2` to rename whatever property allows, in that case, feel free to open a Modal or any other experience that allows the user to change something about the Item, for it to work, the `onRenameItem` method must be passed as a property to the component and must be an asynchronous method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can press the shortcut key `R` or `F2` to rename whatever property. In that case, feel free to open a Modal or any other user interface element that allows the user to change the item. For this to work, the `onRenameItem` method must be passed as a property to the component and must be an asynchronous method.
```

The `onRenameItem` property receives the `item` object corresponding to the current item that the user wants to rename and the method needs to return a new immutable object with the new data.

```jsx
<TreeView
	dragAndDrop
	onRenameItem={async (item) => {
		return await openRenameModal(item);
	}}
>
	{...}
</TreeView>
```

### Remove Item

> If the user presses the `Backspace` or `Delete` hotkey the TreeView removes the Item from the `items` structure, in which case `onItemsChange` is called with the tree updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user presses the `Backspace` or `Delete` key, the TreeView removes the item from the `items` structure. In which case `onItemsChange` is called with the tree is updated.
```
